Alicja 91 removing cli inconsistencies (#173)
dcs4cop/xcube: docs/source/cli/xcube_gen.md

$ xcube gen --help
```

    Usage: xcube gen [OPTIONS] [INPUT]...
    

>       Generate data cube. Data cubes may be created in one go or successively in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Generate xcube dataset. Data cubes may be created in one go or successively in
```
